---
layout: post
title: Streamline Your Time Tracking - How to Use Outlook and Power Automate for Efficient Reporting
date: 2024-06-05
description: When working with various customers and projects, you often need to fill in timesheets for each one in multiple systems and formats. I devised a straightforward method to log all my activities in Outlook and generate simple weekly reports.
categories: PowerPlatform AI
---

# Streamline Your Time Tracking - How to Use Outlook and Power Automate for Efficient Reporting

If you are an organized consultant or developer, you might recognize the screenshot from the Outlook calendar below. It's color-coded, organized, and includes different topics, meetings, customers, and projects. When working with various customers and projects, you often need to fill in timesheets for each one in multiple systems and formats.
I constantly lose track and am not good at handling multi-faceted administration across different tools and software. To simplify this, I devised a straightforward method to log all my activities in Outlook and generate simple weekly reports.

Check out my post on LinkedIn [Streamline Your Time Tracking: How to Use Outlook and Power Automate for Efficient Reporting](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/streamline-your-time-tracking-how-use-outlook-power-dennis-van-aelst-4u4ne/?trackingId=Gf8WIHj%2FQG27H8lGUZN38g%3D%3D)) .

---

My focus is on structuring, automating and managing business processes using Agile and DevOps best practices. This creates team working environments where business continuity, transparency and human capital come first.
Reach out to me on LinkedIn or check out my GitHub for more tips and tricks.

The ideas and underlying essence are original and generated by a human author. The organization, grammar, and presentation may have been enhanced by the use of AI.
